add instructions for vsac (#146)
ccsm-cds-tools/ccsm-cds-with-tests: README.md

### Run CQL Tests

> To run the 1000+ tests to verify functionality of the CCSM CDS, type `npm run test-cql` into a command prompt from within the same directory as this README file. Note that this will require a UMLS account and VSAC API key; please see the section below, [Setting Up VSAC](#setting-up-vsac), for further instructions. The results from running the tests against the current CQL definitions can be found in [test-results.txt](./test-results.txt).

Reviewer: It could help to mention the reason for needing the API key here --> specifically to download the value sets.

```suggestion
To run the 1000+ tests to verify functionality of the CCSM CDS, type `npm run test-cql` into a command prompt from within the same directory as this README file. Note that this will require a UMLS account and VSAC API key to download value sets needed for CQL execution; please see the section below, [Setting Up VSAC](#setting-up-vsac), for further instructions. The results from running the tests against the current CQL definitions can be found in [test-results.txt](./test-results.txt).
```

Reviewer: Nice. The updated text here looks good. Can you just change "download value set" to "download value sets" in line 118?

> To run the 1000+ tests to verify functionality of the CCSM CDS, type `npm run test-cql` into a command prompt from within the same directory as this README file. Note that this will require a UMLS account and VSAC API key; please see the section below, [Setting Up VSAC](#setting-up-vsac), for further instructions. The results from running the tests against the current CQL definitions can be found in [test-results.txt](./test-results.txt).

Reviewer: Should we add a line at the end of this section (or the next one), saying something like "see [CQL Testing Framework README](https://github.com/AHRQ-CDS/CQL-Testing-Framework?tab=readme-ov-file#cql-testing-framework) for more information"?

> To run the 1000+ tests to verify functionality of the CCSM CDS, type `npm run test-cql` into a command prompt from within the same directory as this README file. Note that this will require a UMLS account and VSAC API key; please see the section below, [Setting Up VSAC](#setting-up-vsac), for further instructions. The results from running the tests against the current CQL definitions can be found in [test-results.txt](./test-results.txt).

Reviewer: I think the second paragraph of the "[Downloading Value Sets](https://github.com/AHRQ-CDS/CQL-Testing-Framework?tab=readme-ov-file#downloading-value-sets)" section of the CQL Testing Framework README provides some useful information, especially around where the value sets get stored, and the fact that you only need to download value sets before the first run and thatn they will be cached afterwards. Can we add something similar to our "Run CQL Tests" section?

### Setting Up VSAC

> Retrieve your VSAC API key from [your UMLS profile](https://uts.nlm.nih.gov/uts/profile) if you already have an account.  If you do not have an account, you must [create one](https://uts.nlm.nih.gov/uts/signup-login) to gain access to an API key.

Reviewer: I would write out "Value Set Authority Center" the first time VSAC is introduced, kind of like https://github.com/AHRQ-CDS/CQL-Testing-Framework?tab=readme-ov-file#downloading-value-sets does, since users may not be familiar with the acronym.

To use the VSAC API, you must set the `UMLS_API_KEY` environment variable on your system. Follow the instructions according to your operating system:

#### Windows

1. Open the Start Menu and search for "Environment Variables".
2. Click on "Edit the system environment variables".
3. In the System Properties window, click on "Environment Variables".
4. Under "User variables" or "System variables", click "New".
5. Enter `UMLS_API_KEY` as the name and your API key as the value.
6. Click "OK" to save.

#### macOS or Linux

1. Open a terminal.
2. Use a text editor to open your shell profile. For example, `nano ~/.bash_profile` or `nano ~/.zshrc`.
3. Add the line: `export UMLS_API_KEY=your_api_key`.
4. Save the file and exit the editor.
5. Run `source ~/.bash_profile` or `source ~/.zshrc` to apply the changes.

> After setting the environment variable, you will be able to retrieve valuesets from VSAC.

Reviewer: Although the environment variable will definitely be the easiest way to access the VSAC API for our project, it could help to quickly mention here that the API key could alternatively be added to the `options-->vsac-->apikey` property of each `cqlt.yaml` file (see https://github.com/AHRQ-CDS/CQL-Testing-Framework?tab=readme-ov-file#downloading-value-sets for more details about this).

> After setting the environment variable, you will be able to retrieve valuesets from VSAC.

Reviewer: Add space between "value sets" for consistency with the rest fo the document.

```suggestion
After setting the environment variable, you will be able to retrieve value sets from VSAC.
```
